okay um hi this is Kimmy and I know that
there's a lot of people on YouTube
already who do reviews and are great at
them but um I have a few products that
I've been using lately that are really
really great I haven't seen any videos
on them and so I decided to talk about
them just a little bit so that if
anybody has the same kind of skin
problems that I have maybe I can help
them out a little bit um so at the
beginning of january i got the Clinique
redness solutions sorry Katie's camera
redness solutions I got the yeah let's
see this is the soothing cleanser whoo
sitting cleanser and I also have the
daily daily relief cream and the urgent
urgent relief um and so mostly this is I
think for people with rosacea what I
have is eczema I get eczema flare ups
and I get them on my face and I get them
on my cheeks in my upper lip and around
my eyes and I had a really really bad
flare up at the beginning of January and
nothing was working and I gave this
stuff a shot and its really been keeping
it under control so if you have that
what they call it is rosacea or what I
think i have is i think it's reactive
redness is how they say it on the
packaging so if you have something like
that um maybe you should give this a try
I I kind of got suckered into this
because it says the thief the active
ingredient is just hydrocortisone so
maybe has got other stuff in it that's
good for your skin i don't know maybe i
just paid a lot of money for something
that i could have gone to walgreens for
you know like five bucks but we'll see
um so yeah they also have a color
corrector and it's I think it's got a
SPF 15 and it's got that green tint so
you know it'll neutralize your your
redness
I am I use oil of olay with SPF during
the daytime and then then I used this at
night or some I know it's bad weird
sometimes I'll just use this day at
night even though it doesn't have SPF
but um the green is a little bit too
green for my skin so I can't use that um
so yeah I just uh I want to talk about
that a little bit it works really well
for me if you've got I'm looking down
because this is I'm looking at myself my
I need to start looking at the whole
camera and my monitor so um it works
really well for me if you've got rosacea
reactive redness you might want to give
it a try I think um once I'm once i'm
finished it and i'm also i'm almost
finished with the the cleanser i'm gonna
try the calamine soap from pure luxe
cosmetics I heard makeup makes me happy
talking about it and I think she I tried
it because she heard makeup square
talking about it so um I might try a
little sample bar of that and see how it
works because if i can get something
cheaper I up will always try to do that
soham anyways yeah I just wanted to post
a video talking about this stuff and I
hope everyone's having a great night and
see you soon I